how's it going but face ah alright
latter you're a Jew again welcome back
I made a crazy risk with gamble
it's about to pay off what the surface
of the cover I want to sell fix hand I
want garlic rebound what do you know no
no I guess no well I'll tell you what I
know it's the dumbest bet I ever
heard of I disagree I disagree Gary
[Music]
you're taking my money all over town
placing bets I'm having very serious
second thoughts be serious right now
I know it okay now it where's the money
right now
is it too late I'm done that means
nothing meant nothing
please give me another shot you like to
win right this is no different than that
this is my way you think I'm
stupid Howard you and your whole
family
why don't you free sir with your
swimming pool makes me feel no who said
that I told you about how things were
gonna go you like the way things are
going now
that's my family
get the kids out it out yeah having a
good time yes this is me this is how I
win okay now you should be stretching
out your coast no I just a crazy
ass do
[Music]